h1. RAM-backed cache for FeedTools

FeedTools is a Ruby gem and Rails plug-in than parses both RSS and Atom feeds
reliably. The library was intended to be used inside Rails, and comes with the
entire kitchen sink, including a caching mechanism based on ActiveRecord and a
database table.

This gem implements a RAM-backed cache, so FeedTools clients can get the
benefits of caching without taking a dependency on ActiveRecord. The RAM-backed
cache's contents can be serialized using YAML.

h2. Setup

bc. rubygems install feedtools_ram_cache 

h2. Usage

The gem does not interfere with the FeedTools API. To enable RAM-based caching,
require the gem and configure FeedTools to use it:

bc. # Configure FeedTools to use the RAM-backed cache.
require 'feed_tools_ram_cache'
FeedTools.configurations[:feed_cache] = FeedTools::RamFeedCache

In Rails, the code above can be placed in an initializer.

h3. Serializing the Cache State

The cache state is a Ruby @Hash@ available via the class attribute @state@. It
can be stored in a YAML file, or loaded from a file. This can come in handy for
tests.

bc. # Save the cache state to state.yml
File.open('state.yml', 'w') { |f| YAML.dump FeedTools::RamFeedCache.state, f }
# Load the cache state from state.yml
FeedTools::RamFeedCache.state = YAML.load File.read('state.yml')
 
h3. Clearing the Cache

The RAM-backed cache does not implement a size limitation. However, the cache 
can be cleared. This prevents it from growing indefinitely, and also provides a
clean slate for testing.

bc. FeedTools::RamFeedCache.clear

h2. Naming Convention

The naming scheme for this gem is confusing, but it is consistent with the
naming of the FeedTools gem that it extends.

The gem is named +feedtools_ram_cache+, but the name of the library to be
required in Ruby is +feed_tools_ram_cache. This is consistent with FeedTools, 
whose gem name is +feedtools+, providing the library +feed_tools+.

h2. Requirements

The gem depends on the +feedtools+ version used to test the code. If you need
the RAM-based cache for an older version of +feedtools+, try to run the tests
(via @rake test@) against your version of +feedtools+. If the tests pass, send
me a pull request.

h2. Contributions

I wrote the RAM-backed cache to fulfill my very specific needs. I will not be
adding features, but I will do my best to fix bugs. If you want a feature,
please don't hesitate to fork the project and send me pull requests.
